add pluggable parser document (#2733)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/requesthandling/parsers/README.md

# Parsers

> This directory contains parser plugins used to parse and understand the payloads of requests and responses. This understanding is key for empowering features like prefix-cache aware routing and response usage tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains parser plugins used to parse and understand the payloads of requests and responses. This understanding is key for empowering features like prefix-cache aware request scheduling and response usage tracking.
```
